How the game should play?

### Start screen
- 4 letter game code input
- Name input
- Join Game btn
- Create Game btn
- Play Now btn

### Create Game Screen (not authenticated)
- You need to be signed in to create a game.
- Login tab
- Sign up tab

### Create Game Screen (authenticated)
- Create quiz wizard
- Pick a theme
  - Enter a theme
  - Generate theme btn
  - 4 generated themes
- Select quiz type
  - True / False
  - Multiple Option
  - Fill in the blank
- Set quiz options
  - Number of questions (10)
  - Difficulty (Beginner)
  - Quizzes are timed by default

### Lobby Screen (Host)
- Game code (shareable)
- Joined players

### Lobby Screen (Guests)
- Waiting for host to start the game
- or Game not found
- or Game already started

### Game Screen
- Current question with timer
- Waiting for name1, name2, etc. to answer.
- When all have answered, reveal answer and explanation
- Game rules
  - If host disconnects, game is halted (not furthered to next question)
  - If host reconnects, game continues.
  - If guests disconnect, game continues.
  - If guests reconnect, they retain their points

### Global game screen
- Same as game screen
- With all players online
- Game rules
  - Game goes on no matter if any player is connected
  - 30 seconds enforced timer per question
  - Quizzes are autogenerated by the server
  - When timer is up, answer is revealed for 5 seconds until next question is proceeded.
  - Before the quiz ends, the server generates another quiz based on a random theme not same as last 10 themes.
  - The server also dictates the quiz type randomly selected.
  - At the end, just start new game, no waiting.

### Leaderboard Screen
- Players ordered by score desc
- Play same quiz (at host)
- Play new quiz (at host)
- Info: Playing new quiz prompts the host to create a new quiz without losing connection to guests.
- At guests: Waiting for host to create a new game.

X games free per month.
Cheap subscription is for unlimited games.